Add Deploy to Azure links to intro tutorials (#25665)
dotnet/AspNetCore.Docs: aspnetcore/blazor/tutorials/build-a-blazor-app.md

1. When finished, shut down the app in the command shell. Many command shells accept the keyboard command <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>C</kbd> (Windows) or <kbd>⌘</kbd>+<kbd>C</kbd> (macOS) to stop an app.

> ### Publish to Azure

Reviewer: @guardrex

> ### Publish to Azure

Reviewer 2: Can we go H2 here?

```suggestion
## Publish to Azure
```

> For information on deploying to Azure, see [Tutorial: Build an ASP.NET Core app in Azure with SQL Database](/azure/app-service/quickstart-dotnetcore).

Reviewer: Doesn't title need to change? No SQL now

Author: Ugh.  Yes, of course.  ouch.  Thanks.

> For information on deploying to Azure, see [Tutorial: Build an ASP.NET Core app in Azure with SQL Database](/azure/app-service/quickstart-dotnetcore).

Author: ```suggestion
For information on deploying to Azure, see [Quickstart: Deploy an ASP.NET web app](/azure/app-service/quickstart-dotnetcore).
```

> For information on deploying to Azure, see [Tutorial: Build an ASP.NET Core app in Azure with SQL Database](/azure/app-service/tutorial-dotnetcore-sqldb-app).

Author: ```suggestion
For information on deploying to Azure, see [Tutorial: Build an ASP.NET Core app in Azure with SQL Database](/azure/app-service/quickstart-dotnetcore).
```

1. When finished, shut down the app in the command shell. Many command shells accept the keyboard command <kbd>Ctrl</kbd>+<kbd>C</kbd> (Windows) or <kbd>⌘</kbd>+<kbd>C</kbd> (macOS) to stop an app.

## Publish to Azure

> For information on deploying to Azure, see [Tutorial: Build an ASP.NET Core app in Azure with SQL Database](/azure/app-service/quickstart-dotnetcore).

Author: ```suggestion
For information on deploying to Azure, see [Quickstart: Deploy an ASP.NET web app](/azure/app-service/quickstart-dotnetcore).
```

> For information on deploying to Azure, see [Tutorial: Build an ASP.NET Core app in Azure with SQL Database](/azure/app-service/tutorial-dotnetcore-sqldb-app).

Author: ```suggestion
For information on deploying to Azure, see [Tutorial: Build an ASP.NET Core app in Azure with SQL Database](/azure/app-service/quickstart-dotnetcore).
```
